# EC504-Final-Playlist-Project
2. Pretreatment:
•	For playlist: using 2-D array to create a sparse matrix which indicates each playlist contain which songs. If the j-th song is in the i-th playlist, the (i,j) in the array is 1, else condition would be 0.
•	For song: using 3 array to store song’s number, song’s name. and song’s author. All of song property have the same index.
3. Main body:
•	Using the popularity of playlist to build up a BST to save this content. Each node in this playlist-popularity-tree contain 4 pointer, which are left-child, right-child, playlist’s number and playlist’s popularity. Other than  the basic method such as insert and delete method, we also create two more  method to help with our project. The first one achieve to sort as decrease which can implement to sort top eight most popular playlist for show up in GUI. The second achieve the find minimum to get the minimum popularity in current 1024 playlists. Which will use to judge if single playlist should be insert into the playlist-popularity-tree in next step.

•	We have implemented a prefix tree data  structure to store all songs in the song list. Each node in the tree has only one character and each level of  the tree is consisted of diversified character nodes. If a character in a node is the end of word, there will be a flag to notify.   When we need search every possible words with the same prefixes written by user, we can use the Depth First Searching algorithm to get whole related words. With combining “Trie” and “DFS”, we almost realized the requirement suggesting words. However, one more thing we should do is get the most popular 4th song name among these words. To deal with this problem, we decide to use HashMap to make song names as the value and its popularity as the key. After iterate the play_lists.txt, the popularity of each song is updated.  Then we used quick sorting algorithm to sort these song based on their popularity. After we get the most 4th popularity, we can get song name by using hash map and send back to users. Above all, we almost realized the function that as the user starts typing, the system suggesting the most popular 4th song name. 

•	In order to list top 8 most popular playlists and display to user, we settled up a min Heap with 8 node. The most popular 8th playlists would be stored in the heap based on popularity. The only thing we should do next to send back to user is poll the peek node in the heap 8 times and return to UI. Moreover, inorder to save time when searching the playlsits, we settled another HashMap to store the playlists and their popularity pairs. Therefore, it will take only O(1) time to get the playlists based on their popularity. 
